being five months inside a Chevy powered
305 front-end loaders been fired up so
I've got a battery on board my sled some
primer gas let's see what's going to
happen the only protection for the motor
is that upside down fridge bucket
covering the carb it's amazing it's been
sitting outside like that for I guess
since 2001 still running a Chevy power
for you take off the cover squirt a
little Prime in we'll be all set now so
long as it starts all the batteries good
anyways that's all she's going to get
1963 Aulus Chalmers front-end loader not
articulated show you what she looks like
inside we've got a Cavalier seat there
cavalier steering column an ancient
dashboard and a homemade switch system
and that will be my tripod else at the
camera over there sure is an ugly old
beast temperature minus five Celsius
late februari
three walk
I got a crappy battery
take two
good enough for me 20 pitch well you can
depend on your Chevrolet on a cold day
even not you're sitting six months
now time to cover up